hello gang from beautiful uptown Burbank because the fire marshal shut us
motherfucking down last Saturday Harmontown is now in session from the
confines of the recording studio at Starburn's Industries I'm Jeff Davis
your com children give it up for your game master you don't give it up there's
no audience here you you have to give nothing if you're listening you could
clap you know it yeah for whatever you're listening right now all around the
world just do yourself a favor just for your own sense of peace of mind give it
way up for the game master Spencer Crittin thank you thank you I'm gonna give
you time to keep clapping yeah I mean you don't have to but we just don't want
to tell them not to in case they're so inclined I'm gonna keep pausing until the
people that are really clapping have clapped themselves out all right and I
wanted to do it so long that people that think they should have stopped by now
aren't gonna feel bad when I keep pausing
all right just give it up for your mayor Dan Harmon
thank you thank you very much so yeah we got shut down we were apparently
performing quite illegally since the from the very moment that we left
Meltdown I wouldn't have left Meltdown if I had known that I wouldn't have had
people you know audiences coming into an illegal place if you're listening and
you've come to the show live shows no you can't sue us don't be stupid and the
rumors that there was a sex for pay scandal happening that doesn't these are
all unfounded as I I should say you know no we were doing every we were
illegal in terms of like you know the fire department you know this is serious
stuff like I don't want to be in violation of fire code we need we didn't
have permits that we we have applied for a long time ago I think the
misunderstanding was that we thought it would work like driving where you're
when you're 16 you can just have a thing in your glove box that says you're
working on getting your license and then a provisional and then if a fire
marshal ever wondered in that that we could just flash a piece of paper signed
by our driver's ed teacher and we would be therefore allowed to keep performing
right we really had big dreams for that venue remember the guy who said oh here
you go with your podcast the playbook you got your own venue now your podcast
is gonna die oh yeah I mean he's probably because he's a dumb ass that
guy's definitely high-fiving himself right now I mean I wouldn't say this
vindicates him but he would he proud his threshold for vindication is probably
very low he probably congratulates himself for masturbating that guy's
probably dead you know what I'm not gonna say I hope so but because we've got a
lot of death in the news going on right now and I want every human out there
alive that that is is still alive now the the night we were drinking nearby you
and I and our friends like the church and Cody and our friends Daniel and
Rachel were having a drink and we got the message that the show is canceled
like 40 minutes before the show yeah what happened was there was another there
was like a party going on in the same neighborhood now originally I what I
heard was that there they were operating illegally so the fire department
showed up to shut them down and then noticed the big crowd outside our castle
that's not true I would then what I then heard is that it's a little it's a
little less ironic than that it's it's actually because they were operating
legally the fire department was there to help them or something that they did
because you actually need fire people on hand if you're gonna perform or
something like that if you're gonna have a crowd in a space of a certain type I
think you need like us an off-duty fireman or something like that and that
person was there in that capacity saw our space looked for his colleague that
should have been also there didn't see him where's punch oh that place must be
non it must be flammable and and so then that's how we ended up getting shut
down and I'm really sorry to anybody that showed up that night including our
guest Dave Anthony and people that had flown in from or driven in from long
distances we feel terrible about that we didn't get to meet a few people that
had flown in from New York or yeah Pennsylvania or it's interesting like
those people are always so nice I mean I would of course if they started to
actually express discontent when something like this happened I would
immediately skip to hating them but as it is when they're there because they're
so nice about it I'm just kind of in all of them because I mean imagine the
disappointment there there so there was like literally some people that that
that you know they think they're always a little embarrassed to to actually say
the words I came here for this reason you know because who wants to say that
especially if you are a nice person you don't want to kill somebody out or
imply that you're this is the you know the big thing that you wanted to come
out for I think there's a natural kind of shame there and that's why I'm always
really impressed by those people they're always so nice maybe the ones that
aren't nice and are really outraged they skulk into the shadows and curse my
name but yeah there's a couple of those people came by the the Guild Hall the
bar that we've discovered that's like an e-sports nerd themed bar that's a
couple miles from the stage if you're in Burbank go there but these people came
and they got to take pictures and and rap with us and buy us shots and it they
acted like that made it worth it and I really appreciate yeah I hope so I hope
so but now can I can I tell you like I was gonna go to a show but I couldn't
because Harmon 10 I wouldn't have gotten there in time our friend the singer
peaches the teachers of peaches she's fantastic I've never seen her actually
do a full live show she's playing at the Roxy so church and I went and we got
there right on time and the show was absolutely fantastic after the show we're
up in the green room at the Roxy and we're having champagne and you know our
friends are there peaches is you know in her makeup and sweaty and she just did
a ridiculously high-energy badass show Ron Jeremy was also in the room now he
is usually at the Rainbow bar and grill every time I've been there he's been
there like he kind of lives there and he was inordinately like unreasonably
moist like he was very wet like he was just has he just had a sheen and like
kind of a like the high-prog glow he was very oily do you know that this is
uncharacteristic of Ron Jeremy I don't I mean I he it's an air-conditioned
building and he wasn't dancing but you've seen him naked so you know that
air-conditioning or not he has a built in yeah yeah but he looked like he had
just been fucking he looked porn sweaty but he was just in a t-shirt hanging out
in a green room for the people that weren't sweaty unless they had just
gotten off the stage okay and I'd seen him there briefly he walked right past
me as he was leaving this very small green room the green room is really like
it's half the size of this booth and he had a banana peel but spent banana peel
over his shoulder like an epaulette and his hair as long Ron Jeremy wet hair is
in like kind of intertwined on this banana peel and I'm sitting on the edge
of the couch with a bottle of shit pain and cups because I was kind of being like
the de facto like bartender and I he walked by me like he so he's back as
Jimmy's like arms length for me walking towards the door and I said sir you have
a banana peel on your shoulder and he wheeled around turning yeah thanks and
then fucking boned out like he was bummed out about it like wait okay all
right and now the theories begin so did I mean he did he for did he previously
20 minutes before then did you have 30 banana peels on him did someone dump a
barrel of banana peels on him and he thought he cleaned them all off and was
leaving my first my first theory and also like people say pics or it didn't
happen this happened so quickly pick pics are didn't happen no I'd be our
proof of this several Oscars including one stolen from my studio big to
different alright go ahead the pics or it didn't happen why didn't why did not
I take a picture of this because it happened in the blink of an eye right
of course you're not my first theory was that he was doing a bit that you're
you're supposed to be a woman to ask him about that and then he makes a dick
reference or something that's my first theory oh because that's so grotily
positive plausible but only only reason I go to that grotily a pop plausible
thing grotily grotily plausible grotily plausible where have you been you're my
favorite woman says 1910 you got hips of liberation and a suffragette I don't know
brutally plausible what is that song what is it what am I thinking of mr.
Belvedere it's like a school there's a schoolhouse rock thing or something like
I don't know so the fact that he was so quickly irritated by my mentioning it
means it's not it wasn't a bit if the bit is a I'm Ron Jeremy I have a banana
peel on my right shoulder and some points I guess yeah oh it's scary there's a
way to make that a bit now church is a photo of peaches opening a bit she had
a banana after the show me here's benefit of the doubt which still doesn't
explain his weird rancor and irritability was that he saw peaches
eating the banana took the banana peel maybe had her sign it I don't know and
then put it on his shoulder though because he's a clean freak and doesn't
want to shake people's hands with a banana peel in there or she put it on
his shoulder I don't know who this peaches is but it's like church is
shaking her head oh oh so the peaches banana was after the Ron Jeremy banana
okay the good so I don't have to extend any more benefits of any doubts Ron
Jeremy was doing some sort of surreal like artistic display because it's not
weird enough that he's Ron Jeremy and looks like he's I think there's also
like you we're making the assumption that the rancor has to do with the banana
peel but if we if you think about what it must be like to be Ron Jeremy there's
probably a super high percentage that at any given moment at a gathering that
has any kind of like hip quotient to it or well let's just say any gathering
cuz like that because he's a porn star because we're awful rude to our our
porn stars we are we're like we treat them like garbage we treat pornography
like garbage we use it all and blah blah I won't get on that soapbox but you
know the people in Los Angeles that have performed in porn that are
recognizable as such I'm sure that just as like I don't know women of color or
like got really tall dudes or anything anything any person that has anything
really specific about them is probably they're probably on a higher risk of
just having had some kind of encounter they really just pissed pissed them off
you know and that like somebody somebody for the 800th time this week like
asked him some question that or said phrased something in a way or like he's
become convinced that like there's certain kinds of people that refused to
shake his hand because they're afraid they'll get HPV or something and he he
he's connecting dots in his head maybe he was like on his way out and it's like
I got my banana peel and then Michael J Fox said that fucking shitty thing that
there is somebody always says and I fuck I'm leaving yeah but like if you're
gonna be walking that that razor's edge of crankiness because somebody recently
had said something that was kind of diminishing or rude then don't be a
famous porn star too late no no be a famous porn star be in a bad mood don't
have a banana peel and don't let that be the thing that switches you off no but
I'm saying my print my pitch is that it's not what switched them off right you
caught up you caught a famous person in a bad mood and hey the banana you may as
well have said you're wearing two shoes yes okay I okay I see that but he was
having a good time I don't look it's not the first time I've been in the same
room with Ron Jeremy I've walked by him because he's always in that same he's
always at the rainbow grill bar and grill I've never hung out with him I've
never been in close confines with him so it is my first real Ron Jeremy
encounter and I wasn't gonna go up to him and say hey Ron Jeremy can I get a
photo with you because it's not always my style unless it's Keith David from the
other night which I was very happy about yeah no but Occam's razor I if I had to
bet my life I would I would go with your the grotally plausible thing which is
that he he does this thing where he puts a banana peel on his shoulder and if a
hot woman asks him where's the banana he has a banana peel on your shoulder he's
like that's right because if you want to see the banana you got to come to the
bathroom yeah yeah yeah that was my first instinct yeah but but then I go like
why is he coming up with well I was he coming up with that shit isn't he a
human banana on society's shoulder but like like like a banana peel and and like
but that's so wouldn't that type is it isn't aren't you Ron Jeremy enough yeah
and then I think well maybe not because he whatever the lead up to that is
whatever it is maybe maybe someone our listeners are gonna go and Google this
and find out that this is a long running thing that there is a hilarious bit
that's like he's doing a deep track Ron Jeremy joke that only certain people in
that room would have got but he had garbage on his shoulder and didn't have
a sense of humor about it which confused I mean I that's gonna confuse me for a
long time yeah and I feel like I have to do the little asterisk here my little
Stanley box in the corner where I come up the bottom and say by the way web
heads I don't I don't if you're if you're a friend with a with a with a
porn star or you are a porn star you listen to please don't feel like I don't
think we're just talking about Roger like when I hear people talk about porn
stars and podcasts like I feel like you know it's like I don't I'm not I'm not
judging Roger me this isn't about judging him this is judging a weird it's him
being a porn star doesn't doesn't weigh into this at all it could have been any
anybody that is worth mentioning because people know his name right or her name
if I saw Pam Anderson or you know Bruno Mars walking around with a fucking
banana on the shoulder and that same thing happened that's interesting to me
Spencer how are you great hey guys you guys hear about these Chinese murder
vans I've only heard the mention but what do you got for us well they're like
these vans in China and they come and they get people and then they just kill
them in the vans are these people that they have contracts I don't know they
just randomly killing strangers I think they're randomly killing people who the
state says they can kill you can hear the scratch of Jeff's ballpoint pen he's
taking notes he does that during the live show too I always wonder what he takes
notes during the show which is really impressive to me I was at that now that
we're doing this quote-unquote single-camera style I think I think one
of the neat things I was thinking is like you could you could pretend like
like you're really smart like you could just be like hey you know here we should
talk about Charles you can hear Dan typing in wait I'm not done with Chinese
murder vans you know he's an American convicted mass murderer and former
cult leader led what became known as the man you can just be like you could sound
a lot smarter than you are you wouldn't do not doing a live performance you do
research yeah so often have laptops set up for just such occasions yeah so these
Chinese murder vans are state-run murder vans or these are freelancers know
that I think they're freelancers that are employed by like a house painter yeah
right so I think their government run there they're like police like you might
have a like a paddy wagon but instead of they put you in the van then they kill
you and they kill you like bright bright handmade stale and I don't have
brights maids tail that's brights maids tail hand handmade revisited always a
brights maids tail so they just that this is a real thing I just driving
around picking up people yeah wait right here's my here's my thing 27 dresses as
a brights maids tail you you see you see a murder van coming don't get in that van
oh yeah no they pull you in there I like the theory that a murder a Chinese
murder van is just a racist phrase for an ambulance the bad murder what was that
joke what you had do we ever talk about yeah the racist joke yeah that all of
the Chinese things are backwards and all of the Mexican things are like just
diminished yeah yeah we've talked about that a lot you know you know look we
also have Steve Levy sitting in the booth with us doesn't that pretend that
Steve Levy is not here I don't know but what aren't we trying to recreate the
stage feel but like I think what you know I don't want to acknowledging Steve
Levy but okay how about this I want the audience to know Steve Levy sitting here
but we're gonna still bring him out 40 yeah yeah cuz we're gonna try to play
D&D later and which I think I could which I can only assume is gonna go a
lot better dot dot dot question mark because I guess better meaning that
we're gonna find out that Jeff and I are bad at playing because it will be more
like the authentic stuff like nerd poker yeah on ear wolf where we're really just
playing D&D and there's no there's no way for us to fall back on but also you
only brought the one vodka and we don't have the bottle of vodka on this in in
the room however another advantage of this format is I can I can press pause
walk out get a drink and I could teleport to a state of drunkenness so
extreme that you can shut the tape this podcast was designed to make you want to
reach in and grab it yeah I mean I you know what's funny is I was just get I
was getting so I don't want to say the phrase sick of doing the live podcast
because I don't want anybody that's been a fan to feel like like there's a
betrayal there or anything like that like we've been doing the podcast for a
really long time it's been a live show I just I'm just saying like I'm saying
this as a positive thing like I was getting to a place where I was really
starting to ask myself and this has been a slow build since November all of you
listening or probably you've had your own little transitional stories like
where you're dealing with fucking shit which is and it's a like like part of
my thing was what is dinging to your iPad and associated smart devices let's
get him on FaceTime Dan's FaceTiming Charles Manson my thing I kept I was
starting to ask myself like why am I doing this show because I'm not like I
I grown sour on like oh this thing where I stand in front of a microphone and I
kind of Kovach about how I don't want people to tell me to tie my shoes and I
wish I was on the moon where no one could bother me and the streets shouldn't be
curvy they should be straight and all this stuff that was like it was it was
working really well and it was like it was working really well under a liberal
bureaucratic technocratic like regime where everything was kind of great and
I didn't have to acknowledge that it was great because I could be a rebel
because everything was running in an orwellianly smooth way and but and yet
a very backward bureaucratically like absurd way so I could just decry life's
absurdities and society's a little intricate wrongdoings and things and
and be a hero to myself and pat myself in the back and then the election
happens and all the women are crying and I'm like buying a gun and I'm like I'm
like and we're all worried that there's like Nazis in the streets and it's like
politics are now like real life they're as real to us as as our black friends are
telling us they've always been like or and our female friends are telling us
and and and that intersects with all this talk that we were having blah blah blah
blah all of that leads to me at 44 almost a year past November I I'm like
why am I what why am I doing this show where I get up every week and I'm like
babbling into a microphone like I'm angry now and I'm fragile and I'm scared
and all this stuff and but I was also going I've been doing this show for
years I would be a really stupid unhealthy person if I if I changed
radically anything about something that had been building for five years and
growing with you know in the span of anything less than six months you know
like being asking these questions over a period of weeks and weeks and weeks is
just not enough so I just that's why I was kind of like I've been building in
my anxiety and and and like and showing up to these shows and you've heard me
being like maybe you haven't picked up on it maybe you have but but like that I'm
like you know I just like sometimes I'm yelling at the audience sometimes I'm
not it was all manifestation of that thing and isn't it interesting how this
shit then just happens like like now I feel now there's no audience here so I
can just talk about God and throw your shoe at your laptop all you want you
you beautiful atheists who we need to further our society but I I there's a
it's like it just feels like the universe just kind of makes this shit
happen like I was kind of a sense of relief when I got texted that the
fire marshal shut the show down because I was like oh that's gonna take a long
time to rectify we might have to do our show the way my favorite murder does it
the way Duncan Trussell does it this could be a really fun thing like this
could be a shot of vitamin B in the in the show's arm we can do different
stuff with this now I don't know I mean you guys seem kind of stoked about it
Spencer's look at that look at that big smiling face oh yeah well the truth is
that when you're in front of an audience if I look this blank everyone would be
like angry and confused and like what's up his ass but that's kind of my
neutral face so now you know I'm free to just let it go and not like smile and
not occasionally to pretend that I'm like you know still with it and keeping
up and doing the live show being a live podcast has its ups and downs like when
the show is good it awesome it often is because of the fact that there was a the
crowd interaction made it good but sometimes it suffers because of that
like it's not a guarantee that it makes it better or worse yeah I also kind of
wonder because I had this dream of like moving from meltdown into the the the
castle and that we would then be able to do this like feedback loop that I was
obsessed about where we could have people tweeting and then I can answer the
tweets and you could show shit blah blah blah I like I thought it would I
thought it would happen more automagically than than it did it turns out
if I really want that to happen I have to start producing like a visual show and
the more visual it gets the more alienating it's good it would have
gotten to our listeners etc so it there was a lot of incentive or non incentive
to not move in that direction once we got to the new venue so it starts to
occur to me as we're sitting here I'm like well yeah pump out your audio
podcast and we'll and we can Howard Stern it Joe Rogan it by bringing the
livestream cameras in here isn't that more valuable to people and can't you do
all the shit that I'm talking about where you go hey if you're watching you
know I remember when Howard Stern it is a show it's like you just have cameras we
could even make them permanently like mounted up in here and use them when we
want to great proof son on smartest man in the world podcast he does a lot of
live shows and then he does just like audio from his like house or wherever he
is like if he's in a hotel room from the other the fortress of
propitude or he calls it the purpose of furtitude and I like the change I like
sometimes hearing the crowd but sometimes the lives shows have bad
audio and they're kind of crap because like the technical difficulties and
sometimes I just like hearing Greg just monologue into a microphone yeah and a
controlled environment I think is we got more comfortable in here anyways
whatever don't start freaking out oh I hope they don't do this I hope that
we're obviously we're gonna do what feels right but I'm just I'm just I'm
just sharing my current I'm I think this is I think it's cool this is the
right time for a change to come along for me whether it's temporary permanent
or or it causes some kind of weird vision where we have the podcast but then
you know when we do have live shows Los Angeles or not then we dive into the
privilege of okay it's gonna be a live show we're gonna have slides and yeah
cartoons and fucking tap dances and so make make a dog tricks make the live
shows more event-based and say there's a reason we're doing it charge 20 bucks a
ticket and give it to Planned Parenthood and you do you have one show all you
you invite only fire marshals that is that is that Steve isn't that called a
minion if there's if there's at least nine fire marshals we can we can create
we could rewrite fire fire code yeah oh shit Steve Levyme thanks for having
me applause break can you guys talk to Steve Levyme while I go get a drink
that's some good applause or do I pull the ultimate dick move and make Steve go
give me a drink no you go get your own drink it's your studio Dan has to walk
30 feet to go to the from from his recording studio to his lounge because
if you don't know the star brands industries has its own bar where all
the meetings take place and that's it's quite nice it is Dan make me a little
something would you what do you want yeah surprise me I'll have what you're
having leave me with me oh you know you've had a long 48 hours 72 hours yeah
I don't even know anymore I'm so tired crisis averted though for now because
when we got shut down on Saturday night yeah at right before 8 o'clock yeah
there was audience already seated right oh yeah and were you there I was you were
there yeah and people were already getting drinks from the bar they were
yeah and then the fire marshal shut the thing down and then you had to you and
who Brian from Nolan who really champ was a champion and Kris Boruff off yeah
and so you guys had at midnight had to find a new venue oh go scouting for that
yeah but it was yeah after we got shut down we figured try to figure out what
we can do we had a lot of conversations Nolan and Chris had a deal with the
castle stuff I contacted our whole team for ricking Morty to see because the
next night on Sunday night is Rick ricking Morty if you don't know what
that is that's a big like live adult swim streamed event with paid people like
guests and stuff yeah you talk about the yeah we watched episode live so that
and that's a big deal and that was must have been an expensive and time-consuming
move yeah I mean what do you do when you lose your venue less than 24 hours from
show time and you have an entire set you have to move so yeah we thank him
bearing gifts like you know first person I call was Jen Roskin who is an amazing
producer here at Starburns and she she started helping me out try to find a
place I finally got in touch with Brian Baldinger who books is a talent
producer on the show and he uh Brian's got the beard right yeah yeah yeah he he
found someone with a space and he and I scouted it at like two in the morning and
we just had to pull the trigger because we couldn't find anything else it was
gonna be really expensive but we need to the last time I saw you that worn out
and tired was like during Harmon quest I think when you were being sleepy leaving
on a couch yeah there there are times where it just gets really exhausting I
start like barely he's a sleepy leavey he'll take a couch on some take a couch
he'll take a nap on your yeah they'll take a nap on a someone sofa he's not a
loafer he's just a little sleepy from his job I mean he's the kind of guy that
works hard he makes him like a glass shot he's the kind of leavey who's a
sleepy old leavey he's no don't try to tell him to work less just he's worth
less without his job he's got no family no for any listeners that thought that
Dan's freestyle abilities would suffer from not having the energy of a live
audience I think we found out that right and Phil Collins your check is on the
way so yeah how's that have you recovered emotionally from the girl
situation yeah I mean still going I'm just no I yeah no I don't know I'm I had
a lot of work fires that really took a lot out and the last couple days were
horrible because of the Vegas thing and Tom Petty yeah real hard things getting
dark and to the point where the new story is how dark things have gotten like
like and not in a cool way like I feel like now like it because we can't
communicate effectively or honestly with ourselves as a nation about about how
worthless human life has become we are now like the mainstream media not to
sound like a fucking jag off living in the woods but the mainstream media
the lamestream pity poop I noticed maybe this is a refraction or a factor is a
distortion in some way but I now this is what I'm feeling as I'm looking at the
news when I if I just type Las Vegas after I hear about this shooting I see
what I see is a nation that immediately is just talking about talking about it
which is really disturbing to me that that it it's like we immediately leapt
to how many famous women are responding inappropriately which is like it has
become the new theme like like we're like we're almost verging on some kind of
this Australian gender gap where we don't we like we wait for that if you're a
woman and you have a voice like now we've just gotten so like when the rubber
hits the road we just want you to shut the fuck up like like 58 people died and
this maybe it's a coincidence maybe these are all just coincidentally female
people but if you're female politician you're a female comedian female comedy
writer it seems like you couldn't say anything right about any of this which
is really disturbing to me because it seems like the alternative to responding
inappropriately to it to a breaking a world record for massacres after we have
already decided that 20 kindergartners who have hearts the size of a bullet it
wasn't enough you know do you really how long do you expect people to maintain
their the the the the gears and valves that it takes to bow your head and take
a moment of silence when human life is wasted like like and then and then the
unconscious answer to that which really terrifies me is oh they don't expect
anything they want this to be like carousel and Logan's run like they want
it to be a ritual where we keep sacrificing human life and then we keep
on and then it's like who's gonna fart first who's gonna break the silence
let's all bow our heads and hum the national anthem quietly while we talk
about how our thoughts and prayers are happening and then the moment a Saturday
night live writer off duty on Twitter or a female senator or it you know a
professional tweeter or blogger says something that is effective because
maybe it's satirical maybe it's biting maybe it's a little inconvenient to hear
however long after the final bullet expends another American life that that
happens then we then then we get to tie that person to a stake and shame them
like and poor gasoline all over their feet and play with matches and like it
just like it's not I'm not trying to wait night like like I just I do happen to
notice that it's it always seems to be women I just that's a call that a side
order of intersectionality or whatever but like I'm overall so fucking deeply
troubled by the numbness that I felt when I heard about this and then the and
then the data that hit my eyeballs when I googled it and how the theme seemed to
be that we were being chastised by our own technocracy for responding
inappropriately whether it was not responding at all or responding with
biting went to responding with political pleas to please stop this I can't
believe we're still having this conversation I can't believe people have
the balls to say I know three minutes after the last shell casing hits the
floor is not too soon to talk about fucking gun control you fucking heartless
piece of shit like I don't care if the families of the victims want to wait a
hundred years to talk about anything they're the families of the victims
that's not that's not who we are we're a nation who has its heart broken
how about this is way too many years after Sandy Hook to talk about fucking
gun control I'm a gun owner I still want to talk about it do you want my gun
back like like like let's talk about it like like the gun sales go up when these
massacres happen that is such a mind fuck even if you're not politically
motivated forget about red sides and blue sides that's us that's such a
philosophical mind fuck gun stocks like this boomed gun sales like imagine like
so 9 9 11 didn't cause skyscraper sales to go up it's this is like a unique
disease we have and it's really frightening how logical it is that
everyone keeps erupting into these mass shootings and then every time a mass
shooting happens everyone runs out and buys guns because they're afraid that
guns will become illegal because someone used them bad again the day before
the what was the Vegas thing on Saturday Sunday Sunday so on Saturday
whatever the day before the event was I've been to that festival because Chip
Estin my friend has played that festival before and I was backstage and hung out
and it was really fun met a bunch of people met Jason Aldean and this guy
named Jay Jackson his a guitar player in that band he had texted me the day
before saying hey we're doing that festival root 91 harvest festival do
you want to come out and I'll get your tickets as though I can't I have a thing
to go to and the next day that happened and it was his band that was on stage
when the bullets were flying and I text him and said how you doing and he goes
where he said we were on stage when the bullets were peppering the stage and we
all had to dive off the back or to the side to hide and then run during the
pauses that this guy was taking while either reloading or whatever he's doing
and they all made it out alright but like and then church your sister what
like that has a best friend you know who got my my sister's friend was at the
show with her friends and they all ran and I guess they flagged down a car and
this person was nice enough to just drive them all all the way home and when
she got home it was only then that she realized that she was covered in someone
else's blood so you have to think of how close she must have been to actually
getting hit because she was near enough to someone who was to have that blood
splatter on her and everyone's just so disturbed by that it's a nauseating
thought I thought well because I wonder how many of those fatalities are
trampling yeah I think a lot I mean if you've ever seen that well whatever I
saw a photo I saw like a slide photo thing on Reuters of the images of it
and there are people hiding and it's the exact same tent area that I would have
been in like that where the where I know I would have been if I were at that
show and that does not mean making it about me but like I did just because I
can physically picture the layout there there's no way out because you're
fenced in there and there's only a couple exits because they want to control
the comings and goings there so there really was nowhere for people to go as
far as I can imagine because I remember trying to go out and get somebody in
there's only a couple little like small egresses there yeah well that's a
that's a theme with terrorism it's like you know they're taking advantage of of
of slaughterhouse like environments created by capital but then it wasn't
terrorist because he was a white guy he's a lone wolf he's not he can't be a
terrorist and by the way it makes me crazy just want to pause in our in our
dialogue to address the the folks out there that are going oh I thought this
would be the podcast that didn't talk about this hey how about this topic suck
my dick fucking jag off like fuck you and I can't say kill yourself because
it's too much fucking death but like fuck off into the night and suck suck your
own balls and fucking until they fall off and roll down a hill and fucking end
up in a steamer trunk and just leave me alone out of my life with your fucking
judgment get out of my head you're not entitled to anything you do nothing
you're you're a fucking jerk you're a piece of shit you're a fucking garbage
person you you you how why are you listening to my podcast and then and
then picking and choosing what you like and don't like about it fuck you I
already have my older brother's voice in my head I have the voice of every
fucking bully on the playground I fucking I I I come out here to Los
Angeles I I do the hard work of becoming a fat blowhard that owns a
microphone and and you know how hard it is for me to spout nonsense into a
microphone without having to think about your judgment I I'm a I'm a I'm a
troubled man that was the weirdest sports corner I've ever done I don't know I
thought don't you feel compelled to have like a little like like they add like
like I said because it's like are you worried that like as with the D&D
segment that though that will play that it's like the absence of the audience
it feels simultaneously refreshing and also like oh shit are we a creature
that was breathing audience water and like then when you put us in this
terrarium out of our aquarium like now we look like a floppy weird it's like
everyone's gonna notice that we are boring the only thing that's disturbing
me is that Spencer is exactly the same he hasn't changed it he's been through
just sits there that would be amazing if I just like leaned back and I was made
out of cardboard but you like it more now you said which is kind of
surprising I could have thought it would be the other way around where Spencer
sitting there thinking realizing he's going oh man my deadpan thing like it
it really works in front of an audience and now I now I'm just a guy that's not
saying anything but you like not saying anything and what you don't like is the
feeling feeling pressured to say things and you feel more pressured in front of
an audience right that's one of the competing theories at the moment Steve
just walked out yeah what does that mean our entire audience just left you
take a giant shit when he gets back let's let's let's play a lot of D&D but
like let's really get a good hunk of D&D sure sure like let me know whatever man
I'm still mad at that guy that didn't want us to talk about the shooting what
guy the guy that's still contacting you no I'm he's in my head the guy in your
head now well if the guy in your head is telling you that that's you telling
yourself that no it's the part of me it's the part of me that's an unemployed
flannel-wearing golden retriever owner in the middle of America that is calls
himself a graphic designer but really is just a freelance douchebag and who
sits and listens to the podcast while he masturbates which is a weird move but
and kind of poodles around on like mind-maps after you know what it's me it's
me I just described me it's just too hot to refuel masturbate while listening to
Harmontown and I have a golden doodle I like I changed only what he doesn't have
to Harmontown is masturbation that's sort of what's so weird about it is me I
don't know I'm picturing a really specific dude that's like he's got one
tattoo okay and it's like because he's like because he's like just a little
more back around the back of the shoulder now forearm top of the forearm and
it's like a tribally thing and and he and he's any any really rough houses with
his dog like like he doesn't like punches his dog well he just like wrestles
with it like the dog thinks he's a dog and and and he like throws it like raw
meat and shit and like like tries to take it from them they both eat the raw
meat in their backyard and he he owns a snowmobile and he like I don't know he
just and then and then if you're talking is he in a snowy region or is it
yeah he's just eccentric he lives in a place he likes to take it up to Big Bear
if he lives somewhere warm because he maybe came somewhere warm because he
decided in the tundra that he lives in that he's a graphic designer so he came
to LA maybe brought his snowmobile because he likes to go up to Big Bear but
he he like he's it's just like he loves beer he loves like 900 different kinds
of beer thinks that beer is like a thing that you should experience every
different kind of flavor of and then and that's fine that's all good but when
you if you go to his public house that he likes to drink at and then once he
gets three beers in him he starts he starts saying some fucked up libertarian
shit that you're like you kind of like bite your lip and go like yeah because
you don't want to argue with him right but he's like just he's just like
throwing out like like like at the top of his brain he's like he's like making
these observations about like how all lives should matter instead of just the
black lives and you just kind of like how did I end up drinking with you am I
getting hard I'm getting heartburn from this beer and you suck you fucking suck
I just know we're never gonna get along you know like and I'm gonna end up
auditioning for you and I'm gonna slowly slide into your ideology because I
can recognize the logic behind it but I don't feel it myself I don't want to I
don't want to talk to you you're too bro-y so stop listening to my podcast man
like like we're listening to it if you're that guy but like everything when
you listen to me just like just how could that guy listen to this podcast I
mean like how likely is that because he's not totally stupid and he likes
smart stuff or something I don't know and like we're not like bleeding heart
whatever is like but that's what he that's why he's hated the podcast since
November because then now I'm starting to sound like all the shit that he hates
because I now I'm like freaked out because I used to be a full-blown
anarchist and now I'm now I'm like a Democrat basically because I gave for
the time being because I can't because that's the lever I keep pulling because
I'm so scared of fascism I just keep pulling the lever that says don't let
fascists win so and that's like that's the fucking system man that's the game
and that which is what I used to say so if if I have four years of my podcast
I have dudes like that that like started to like build up like I don't I'm not I
shouldn't be surprised but I'm just saying like let's have a reckoning here
guys like if you're that dog wrestling dude and you feel that way like you don't
have to leave or stay but like can you do me the favor of of like looking at at
at your time with me as the inverse of when you go to the gym with in other
words like this is your you should be more of a pussy time like like like like
like where you just like exercise your pussy like like like like where you
acquiesce a little bit more because I'm going through a fucking crisis about
this shit and I you've probably noticed I try to be honest about the fact I don't
know what I'm talking about and then I'm I'm a lazy and and hypocritical and
and and and whatever like I'm not I'm not I'm not ever gonna like decide what
the truth is and start barking it at you I'm just like always saying like this is
where I'm at at this moment I could you take that ride with me without without
this fucking thing that drives me nuts that's all in my head I guess of like
now I don't like this podcast like like this idea that the podcast exists in
some dichotomy of like well that was good now it's bad like I can't fucking
handle thinking like that then you're just Sony and then I want to fucking beat
you with a bat and I just want to let you know how much I hate you because for
my own integrity sake for the same reason ironically that you wrestle your
dog and don't like me because you don't want to be told what to do okay great so
like minus your dumb tattoo that you got like like we're basically the same
flabby fucking blowhard assholes you could probably beat me up in a fight you
know how to use a knife but you know what if you cut me scorpions come out is
that true yeah that's a little that's not a metaphor if you ever seen the
original clash of the Titans like if you fucking cut me bro scorpions are gonna
come out of me giant ones but my blood will make giant how giant giant enough
to fit inside you know they start small watch class of the Titans the original
right and they get bigger with Harry Hamlin as Perseus if you my blood if my
blood hits the ground little tiny scorpions form that then quickly grow
through the miracle of green screen to the size of mammoth if you cut me little
Burgess Meredith come out that's you know I'd like to talk about that is that
from Rocky no Burgess Meredith isn't Clash of the Titans oh yeah but he okay
that's weird that his character whatever his character is from Clash of the
Titans right but they're like a bunch of little Burgess Meredith and Toga's come
out of me but they don't get bigger so the character that you represent like I
guess I'm characterizing myself as that guy a cerebus sir sir sir sir and not
Cerebus yes Cerberus or something like that like as a close because he's the
guy with the tail yeah he got he gets turned like so I found an icon of that
movie and you're saying well whatever guy you are we don't know who it is but
we know he didn't get cut in the movie now he's kind of like the Obi-Wan Kenobi
Mentori guy oh wait a minute I'm sorry now there's a couple 45 year old people
throwing their shoes at the laptop because I just realized that guy is the
one who stabs it's them I'm the Medusa the Medusa's blood is what makes the
scorpions I believe oh yeah so it's been a long time so whoever you are you might
be the Kraken for all we know maybe when you cut the Kraken Burgess Meredith
come out we don't know because we're a little metal owls that's only the three
things I remember that movie there was a Medusa there was a three-headed thing
and then there was the metal owl and then Burgess Meredith and then from what I
heard of the reboot in the reboot of Clash of the Titans they're going through
a trunk and one of the things that they pull out while they're throwing garbage
around is a little clockwork owl and the guy looks at it and goes like what's
this garbage what's this shit for real fuck this garbage and he like shits on
it and like rubs the shit into the eyes and then pisses on it and to wash the
shit out but then like throws it in a river that's harsh and you're supposed
to be like that's amazing because you're a fan of Clash of the Titans and you
hate the clockwork owl I don't I knew we'll never understand that I know we've
talked about that before but like at the end of the Lone Ranger movie where it's
like he's like hi ho and time to goes don't dumb um here's some other don'ts
don't fucking rewrite don't take the job rewriting this movie if you hate like
what the fuck is your problem I was eating a pastrami sandwich in New York
when I was a kid at stage deli and I'm having my pastrami sandwich and I'm you
know 10 or 11 years old fucking Burgess Meredith walks by me down the
street and I like I yelled out loud into a restaurant Clash of the Titans he
couldn't hear it all people do is it's a love real just yelling out a name of a
movie and no one saw that Burgess Meredith was going by then like the day
before or the day after we saw Richard Geer walking down the road and I could
hear my mom ovulate like I should just like oh Cody got her period during an
Andy DeFranco set Lilith Fair Lilith Fair you mean her first period yeah her
friend yeah she became a woman she dropped her first egg I don't know if
that's accurate but that's how she shed her first she got her period like yeah
she she transitioned from girlhood to womanhood during an Andy DeFranco song
there's a girl I knew I went to high school with that she's her first orgasm
was like at 12 or 13 years old at a Prince concert she was with her mother
or father or both and she was standing and she goes I didn't know it was
happening to me I was watching this man perform and she realized later on just
oh no like I came all right like she had a full-on Prince induced mind orgasm
because it's like yeah I got I almost have an orgasm when I watch Prince like
he's fucking amazing there is an article about Prince when he died that where it
was like what I think it was like from the point of view of trans what do you
what do you call it you can still call them drag queens right that's not yeah
like I think it was like but I can't remember that part I can't remember but
I was like sort of performers who who worked within the the the the flux the
the outer edges of the binary world the heteronormative sphere and but they were
talking about like how Prince was this song that you know Prince was music that
like no matter what the song was it was always this song like Prince was
specialized the sonic waves that came from a Prince song were perfect at
turning straight straight people by okay like it was like like if you were on the
edge if you were curious like the thing that would that would get you every time
was like the Prince was making this music by intention or not unconsciously that
that was the energy there's one that wasn't a sole purpose in the world but
that that was like something that was kind of known to DJs and strippers and
things that sounds like Catholic propaganda well I mean yeah but but but
this was from a place of like these are people who are like thankful for those
properties they're like we could really put this to some use yeah Prince could
sing the straightaway I mean he definitely yeah I remember what my
brother was five years old doing me and like so in the 80s like the androgynous
revolution started to happen in pop boy George and Prince and and even heavy
metal like if you could tell whether you were a boy or a girl it was like a
little bit to your discredit you know like you you really needed to be like
that if the mad the more you were more masculine if you were like more like
yeah there was more makeup and hairspray and high heels and yeah Motley
crew kind of took or like poison rather they kind of took it to the extreme is
like okay like you're going out of your way to be fake drag queens but I gotta
confess because my brother was five years older than me so I was a kid and I
was so I was like ten years old when that was happening it was a little
intimidating to me that was too much sexuality for me it was sexuality I
didn't even know what sex I mean I knew what sex was sex was Pam Dabber from
more work in Mindy sex was Penny from Inspector Gadget I was her age it sex
was like it was you know Linda Sheenbuffner you actually there was a
rousal because of Penny from Inspector Gadget no alright come on can we put a
pin on that it's a yes or no question I was yeah dude I was like well I was
thinking I was when I when I was like 11 years old I I hit this transition where
I started thinking of everything sexually like I one of my most common
fancies I would like a hump a pillow and think of myself as being Skeletor
and thinking about fucking either Tila or She-Ra from the He-Man averse I guess
because he was a monster and like maybe because I would have I had like these
blue pajamas that were really tight because I had like I was sprouting so
because I was going through puberty so I think the blue pajama bottoms that were
basically becoming tights because they were so small like they were made for a
little boy and I was becoming a man so I was like hulking out through my blue
pajamas so I and I something about like I had talked about this where it's like I
I didn't want to touch myself but I was like getting so into like so I was just
humping everything and so there was like I but then I'm also part of that was like
I didn't want to do it with my dick out so then I was like where these pajamas
and I'm like in blue tight pajama bottoms and I think I just like got the
visual cue that I was like Skeletor okay because that was something that was on
TV when I would come home from school and then so then I was like you know what
I'm saying is like everything was sexual everything the charge of the light
brigade peanuts when I first started masturbating like maybe like maybe it
was 12-ish you know like when I first started perfecting the arts or beginning
the lifelong love affair of masturbating there was I would go into the the
bedroom the bat the bathroom in our house I had a lock on the door because
one didn't and one did and there was a magazine that had a ad with Nadia
Komenich the gymnast and it's like for like Haynes underwear or something like
she was like like we're kind of wearing like boy short underwear and that was the
sexiest sexiest thing in the world for me like I had like I hid that magazine
like a treasure that one picture of Nadia Komenich yeah I mean that was a big
thing in the 80s big people who grew up in our generation everybody knows about
like the Sears catalogs and stuff yeah pornography it's just hard to fathom
for anybody that was born in the internet when the Victoria's Secret
catalogs came along this is free sex I was like I can't believe that I'm on
this mailing list how do they all you have to do is just ask like why aren't
they asking any questions you know the answer is they don't care they like the
more the merrier but it was that yeah I thought it's like so funny that like
there must be a huge generation gap for that where people are like what are you
talking about pornography is something like it's like black mold it like grows
in your walls why are you hoarding it in a folder we say like when we like Matt
Gordley and I were young like we were like maybe early early high school like
freshman year there was a someone found a penthouse like not the big full like
playboy size magazine size penthouse like a smaller one that had like stories
and it like penthouse letters or whatever I love the the forum yeah and we
hit it under like a like a no like a knot of a tree and it was all covered
in bugs and just moisture we would like five guys we would run run home from
school to go to the tree and and unearthed this horrible relic and sit there
and just go explained to modern moms like moms are 30 now and they're like
kids to me they're 14 years younger than me and they're their moms of kids who
are starting to they're catching their web history on laptop YouTube like where
you can type in anything you want and and there I try to assure them I'm like
it's a weird conversation because they'll express all this anxiety about my kid
the searching for this like how are you supposed to raise a kid healthy in this
environment where they can just type stuff I'm like and I and I and I I always
respond by which I sure isn't reassuring them like by going like hey look
when I was a kid my YouTube was a pile of mud outside of a railroad track you
know like we there was a printing company that made hustler that then so
like torn sheets of it would end up next to the crawdad pond where we'd hunt for
crawdad and like my generation learned about sex in in mud and dirt and lady
bugs and crawfish and I you ended up building a raft and going down a river
with a noble black and I think that that's bound to make you more
misogynistic more bent and closeted and therefore put have a propensity for you
know just foot and mouth or in the worst case like actual you know aggressive
behavior I think there's that's I that's got to be worse than growing up in a
computerized technocracy where you can type in vagina because you don't know
how to spell it yet and like it says do you mean vagina here's a hundred of them
I mean it's obviously what everyone's worried about it's like yeah but you can
type in horse fucking into YouTube and like it's it's like a kid can like like
and it's like so if they're exposed to all that stuff how can they grow up
healthy and you know I don't I don't have the answers but do you think there's
people that type in horse fucking because they want to watch two horses
fucking that's that's that's their jam I think the answer is yes I think that I
think the fear is that the more sex is D demystified the more it becomes the
it's there's an invitation to sociopathology there and it makes it
makes a gut level sense to us that if your kid has access to an infinite
database of sexuality that if you grew up where with sex being precious and
mysterious and marked by thresholds and rites of passage and your kid is raised
in a mainframe of sexual imagery isn't your kid going to be have more of a
tendency to become Jeffrey Dahmer because they'll look at all these boobs and
vaginas and beastiality and and gender bending and blah blah blah and because
they won't have any thresholds or rites of passage about it then they'll they'll
be they'll crave something more flavorful which can only be any like
the darkest things possible I understand the logic of that the gut level
emotional logic of that but if you really think about it and I'm not saying I
have the answers and let's all society let's do this experiment where we don't
give a shit what kids do on the internet but doesn't it also make sense that
that's an inverted logical principle Spencer don't you think that that's like
a classic logical fallacy that that that that that if the kids are have
access to more sex information that they will become kinkier because what we're
really saying is I had less access to sex information and I'm only so kinky
therefore my kid who has all sex information will be kinkier than me
that's a lot isn't there a label for that fallacy I don't know I mean I think
it's probably true I think the internet is only reverse stigma in terms of
sexual acts I don't think it's really added any stigma to any sexual acts that
hasn't been there before you know so in a way the only thing that can happen is
barriers being broken down and thus people getting kinkier and kinkier
right good but that's you know defined but like all the kinks must have been
invented by now and there's people that have been doing weird shit for you know
pre-internet but one should one should acknowledge the deMorge perspective
which was that because I was talking about how don't you think porn like it
is like as much as we disrespect it it's like it's the it's the tip of the spear
in a in a cultural sense because when you reduce all humanity to animalistic
energy which does include this big black studs gonna fuck these two white girls
like they've never been fucked yet yes you're you're animalizing the black dude
but there's these women are not being respected either elevated yeah and and
and that everybody in a porno movie is an animal and which is a state that you
go into when you're jerking off and like that I don't know that's what I was
trying to explain in those episodes which I keep thinking that's what she's
deMorge I but I do want to I just want to say the largest point was actually
whenever there's delineation that it doesn't matter how progressive it looks
to you I don't mean to put words in deMorge's mouth but that he I think what
his point was is like whenever there's acknowledgement of a black man being black
basically you know like you're you you may feel like it's better than than
hitting him with a belt in a bar because he's black but and that may be
technically true but that it's a it's also a fallacy to say looks like we're
making progress in the porn world because because they're because they're not
saying you can't fuck because you're that was my fact that was my fallacious
absurd I so I do I just wanted to like make sure like I think I understand his
point of view too which is like yeah okay like like like until the until the day
comes when porn is Martin Luther King style i.e. everyone's just a person and
nobody is being called like check out this spicy Latina you know we're not we
haven't made it anywhere and porn is just make porn maybe not the tip of the
spear maybe porn is just the jet stream behind our fucking sluggish racist like
ways well speaking of making porn progress in the porn world let's make
progress in the fantasy realm world shall we Jesus is it already that time
we're 60 minutes and this is so easy I wouldn't play a lot no no I'm just
saying like fucking time burns dude when you there's no audience you don't have
to wait for their dumbasses to approve or disapprove you do hate the audience
you know how many fucking minds I just stepped on talking about like spicy
Latina's in porn but I didn't say anything offensive like now I see Latina
listening who's like thank you for saying that and do you think Latina's
like like like Latina women are spicier than other races stop it I mean like
what was what's your spice level unlike let's say like in my point my exact
point is that by the time I was done with my thought allowed to complete it I
had I I definitely like made it clear that I was like on the right side of
history if I was in front of an audience they like they have that they're
like oh that's my least favorite person is the fucking dude
who just like goes that's you know I know I know I know I make that sound
sometimes I hear it too that's the thing and I would I hear it and I go oh fuck
I fucked up dude if that that guy's that because that sounds so fucking
dismissive yeah you fucking idiot that's what that sounds like so and I so if
you may I know that I know that you're if you're in the audience you made that
sound I'm not saying I hate you I'm just saying like I'm fucking I'm just saying
this is good for me I I I the the escaping from a couple of fucking like
sounds that I have to listen to in my desperate addiction to pleasing people
this could be really fair what the fuck did that mean
do you guys remember the Mick gang bang I was talking about the same as Spencer
about this last weekend what the Mick gang bang this website called like secret
menu calm and it basically just oh a bunch of bullshit and it gave it all
these crazy names and then certain people like Steve act like it's like a
legitimate thing and it's just like a fucking idiot in Florida New York you
were talking about it's not like an established menu item but no what are you
talking about it's a McDouble there's a Mick double it was a Mick chicken inside
of a Mick double yeah you just put them into the same sandwich right and so it
certainly it's drive-throughs and things to the internet you can say can I get a
Mick gang it's like bartending like you can say I got a blowjob shot but that
doesn't mean that the establishment that you're drinking at approves of the
concept of a blowjob or you know like you go I go like I'd like a like a gang
bang at a McDonald's drive-through and the person might say what or they might
say okay got it yeah because it's a secret my favorite menu item at McDonald's
is the cancer because you you can get that at any McDonald's
all right well no what's let's resolve this well yeah I just want to just
explain some of this to you right because it's tough that you guys ought to be
knowing yeah so so wait wait help us help us I am trying to okay it just
spit it out it involves reading the treasure because right like okay so this
is a bunch of stuff you've got most of this isn't listed on your character
sheets there's a bunch of stuff it's two masterwork short swords two plus one
daggers of sharpness one poison pill one black dragon shark to stealthy let
their armor two thousand silver pieces one religious relic one secret message
one book what to do when your church is under attack right so these are all
things you don't start oh I see it's it's the it's the compiled list of stuff
with a vast majority of this stuff is stuff you looted off the bodies of the
assassins okay well what is it but not all what is a black dragon shark do right
exactly you don't necessarily know what that does I'll tell you right now it's
it's it's like a magical if a geode could be magic it's like that so it's like
they could be they could be found and then they're like these magical stones
that are just native to the planet so you don't know exactly what it does because
it's almost as if you just found like a weird stone you know but it's it's
something that exists okay it's not like a weapon like a yeah it's not okay the
secret meant the religious relic is what Tom fell gave you a gift I have that
that's in your yeah so maybe we should cross that off this and then the secret
message was found on the assassins it was written in a in a language that Dan
Divined was a language used by merchants right that's the secret because they
work for a guild or something passes to see you so you can look at it too all
right so Spencer do you want to work we're back where we're we're ready to play
some D&D good and proper here in the booth no audience Spencer you want you
want to give us a little recap because it's been a hundred years since we've
played I really want to be good at this I think a lot of those sheets like the
obsolete we might want to clean that that folder I'm trying I'm prioritizing
okay well let's let's you you you want to you want to make sure that I'm
comfortable I want to make sure that's okay yeah because you often get
distracted during yes of course I can't multitask you know why well no one can
multitask wait the phones are ringing it's the police fire Marshall we got
thrown out of here yeah that would be really funny they put a handcuff on
church's camera hey Spencer do we have a GoPro anywhere maybe um maybe someone
from our audience has like a sweet hookup for a new SUV oh yeah and they can
message us on Reddit or something yeah if you're in if you can get me a new car
let me know also if you're if you're listening to this part and it's in the
show this would be a great time to go subscribe to bark box bark box it's a
box full of shit for your dog not actual shit that's what your dog makes you put
that in a box and get it out of your house the box coming in is shit for your
dog toys snacks yeah yeah and sometimes those boxes are themed and are called
poo York City yeah ignore that and if you don't have a dog to get a bark box I
have the perfect subscription for you it's called the box box and you can
actually rent a dog and all I'll send it to you and your money back if you don't
like it and that'll give you something to get a bark box for it's a sister
company I have a I'm opening up a breakfast restaurant that's also a dog
grooming facility and it's going to be called Barkie bark and the funky
brunch
all right I what's that business again barking no what do they do it you get
breakfast it's like a break it's like a breakfast brunch restaurant but also you
can bring your dog and have it groomed while you're eating your dog is being
groomed right and but not eat brunch the dog that you can give your dog
brunch if you want it's much more about people that can afford brunch have a
dog need grooming and want their dog groomed while they enjoy eggs Benedict
right yeah got it and did you get the name Steve barkie bark and the scrumptious
brunches and the funky brunch Jesus Christ I'm gonna go in shark tank and
fucking fuck all you guys okay I'm rooting for you invest $10,000 in that
is that how that show works yeah yes I love your idea I'll give you a million
dollars but I want to own 10% I had another idea whereas be a coffee like a
Starbucks the kind of thing where the baristas all from the waist up are dressed
like pirates but from the waist down they're wearing like gap chino pants and
it's called capping chinos I don't like that kind of humor but nobody likes my
kind of humor so I'm gonna I'm gonna take notes this time this is gonna be
great cuz I can just type on my lap like like like I love this format I hate
the audience I'm gonna become a great D&D player people are gonna be jealous
shut the stick I want to become the Tony Hawk of D&D so you'd have your own
video game D&D video game named after you Dan Harmon's pro D&D where do we
get the poison pills from I think you got them from the assassins yeah you took
it out of their bodies from the banditos yeah all right took them out of their
bodies I don't know okay cuz I off their clothing and then Schrab said I have a
weird hand well he said a lot of things yeah discount them I don't think Schrab
is canonical Schrab is not cannon all right Dan are you ready to be the best
D&D player you've ever been yep okay Spencer help us out it's been at least
three weeks maybe more since we've played this so let's let's get this out
all right last time on Harmon well not last time like four times ago what
happened you guys had just solved the problems that were going on in the town
and you had the prior and you took them hostage well not hostage you took them
under arrest and you're gonna bring them back to the home church office for
punishment I think you did that and you were going there with pachens and then
you got be set by banditos oh boy they really stabbed the shit out of pachens
and also diarrhea junior who was conked out and they took all of his clothes they
took pachens clothes and boned the fuck out pachens started sobbing and he was
like Jesus Christ oh my my life is over and you're like what's going on he's
like this jewel it was my whole job was to protect this jewel and it's gone oh
boy you search the banditos and it turns out they might not have just been
normal bandits or banditos they might have been some sort of hired task force
assassins who knows what they had special arms and armor that seemed normal
or better than bandito armor they had a message with a secret message in another
language they had poison pills and a sack of silver pieces what else so yeah
it was all crazy you guys are trying to figure out what to do you were thinking
about maybe chasing them down you interrogated the banditos but you killed
them in the process you don't know what to do you were thinking about maybe
going back to the home office to research though the secret message and
turn in the mission the priors still got no you nailed it
perfectly timed it almost not to meta game but it almost sounds like we made
a mistake not having the prior with us why don't why don't we have the prior
with he ran off in the melee I think yeah yeah he kind of is he was tied up
and then I think that we started attacked and he was like untimely right
and then patches started complaining about his jewel and I like this is why
my character will will fail because he's too much like me I I got distracted by
patches his need I wanted to make sure he was happy can I can I take some all
everyone's doing good can I take some of that stealthy leather armor is it too big
for me as a gnome right now it's too big you have you could put it on but it
wouldn't work as well and you could you could also get it fitted so if you take
it with you you can maybe get it later all right it doesn't so go ahead does
anybody have any kind of ability to to locate track of the the prior we made a
big mistake he got away we should be going back to the headquarters of the
Church of the Silver Flame with him and as a guest okay well as you say that you
hear the the beating of hoof beats as as as hoofs pound the ground you see a
black horse in the night it approaches and on the black horse there's there's a
dark and shadowy figure yeah he's wearing brown plate mail you don't know
what it's made out of but it seems kind of fancy and pretty heavily worn
look at that horse and on the back on the behind the writer you can see tied up
is the prior on the back of the horse kind of over on his stomach he he doesn't
look conscious you recognize this guy it's Geffen he's a veteran church
militant inquisitor from the LD campaign the LD campaign was a campaign that the
church went on it was like a crusade to purge dryads from the forest so you you
Dan actually know Geffen a little bit from that it's not like your great
buddies but he's someone you've seen around you might have fought side to side
with him or you know something like that you he's kind of like an old person and
I am an inquisitor or a template you're you're an inquisitor yeah you're you're
a colleague he's a is he like higher ranking than me you don't actually know
his ranking the church certain parts of the church hierarchy are kind of dubious
and it's hard to tell the levels inquisitors yeah especially with
inquisitors and you you're not close enough to know his exact duty he just
kind of shows up and leaves and stuff so you don't know what he you don't know
what he does and you're not close enough to him to ask okay you're not close
enough to him to have asked but I know his name yeah Geffen Geffen oh what ho
strangers oh no strangers are these I found some vermin scuttling about in
the night does this look familiar out to you he tosses the prior down from the
horse and he just lands flat on his stomach and he was unconscious and he
kind of awakes from the sudden impact he's all tied up it does indeed I you've
you found a source of our humiliation Geffen I we let this one escape and we
weren't supposed to thank you haha don't you don't want to tell me that because
I'll let you have him for the right price oh come on the yard you kicked him
off your horse I know it was an enticing offer wasn't it he's right there in
front of you well I first of all he's not exactly the we don't know that he's
a bad guy one silver piece come on man Geffen we work for the same company
we're not supposed to charge each other for doing the company's job yeah it's
true they're not supposed to serve two masters but yet you know coin in the
flame they're pretty pretty tempting you know I'm saying yeah I think the
question is what's more tempting to you the coin or the flame right now the coin
so you're not you're not really doing the flames bidding and like two silver
pieces which is fine here you've presented yourself as a stranger to the
church you know so this isn't holy work so we'll approach it like you're a
traveling merchant I mean whatever you guys want man I'm just I'm just fucking
with you you could have them what I just thought I could get a couple gold you
fucking Geffen you oh you stranger oh yeah I'm Geffen well it's good to find
out this way that you got you and I're a little closer than I thought you that
we're on the fucking around level yeah yeah I show Geffen the secret message to
see if he can decipher it hmm I've seen this guild language it's the language
the guilds use yeah it's like shorthand it's it's kind of specialized for
business purposes like accounting and stuff like that transactional but it
could be used for other things too but you can't decipher it no it's just it's
so common because all the scribes use it it's a very common language what we
need this prior we're gonna take them back to our church and you know kind of
get back to basics you want to come with so you want to you could just kind of
Deus Ex Machina yeah I just come and go thanks for resetting our A story here's
here's five silver pieces because you're you seem like a good guy you're kind of
like that guy in Game of Thrones that the Uncle Bill or whatever that comes out
with his Uncle Benjen he's got those fire maces I didn't watch Game of Thrones
what I watched it at your house before I thought I love game I don't watch Game
of Thrones I like it the most got magic who's Uncle Bill he's talking about
Benjen it's like a half-white walker that like okay like only popped out every
now and then to save everybody's ass okay thanks Uncle Bill anyways I but what
I have one question about this yeah the guild we keep talking the guild like
we're acting like there's one guild guilds but but I'm sorry I'm okay I'm a
little I recognize the language but can't decipher it too but we're just to be
clear all guilds have languages all guilds have their own secret language
like no no it's just a it's a language that all the guilds use like a short
hand like a shorthand secretarial kind of the thieves guild uses the same
secret language as the anti thieves guild well all the guilds tend to use the
language they use other languages too but when they're writing you know
accounting or business related stuff they'll use this guild language so it's
sort of a language that specializes in accounting and diplomacy or whatever
like a hierarchy yeah union shit you don't want to be having dwarven script
and then you have dwarven metals and trading them for elven wares that are
an elven script it's easier for everyone to just learn the guild language I think
I kind of get it and I'm excited about this world it's like basic it's sort of
like a really lateral way of organizing the normally mishmash nature of language
oh it's great there's a language called common it's like it's like it's like a
mark it's like markdown language it's like saying like be you elf assassin
thief plumber if you're in the business of business let's let's do a CSS kind of
coding language that that maximizes the ability to transact right exactly got it
but I don't speak it no me neither I step in and say hey a little less
jibber jabber and a little more adventuring hey man I'm just marveling
at this world man I know but sometimes there's shit you know that guy in the
in the the the the the the the the poopiness you know like shit shot 58
people with an automatic arrow and like we're all bummed out and I just like
that sometimes society does some it does function well okay all right well
thanks Geffen we're gonna we're gonna scamper off over to the we will is the
prior week yeah we should ask him which way to go to the to the main town yeah
I'm kind of like a half well there's no word well the play yeah okay the player
is saying I don't know where it is but the character knows where it is right
yeah okay yeah yeah I mean we are we are I take some rope out and read but
rebind and the hands and of prior but just an aside like well we're I mean I'm
just saying like we like as far as I understand it like we don't we haven't
categorized the prior in our heads is like a bad guy no he's not like just a
coward maybe an unwilling companion on this on our journey but he's not like
he's not it's like we have arrested him but he's not guilty of anything until a
judge says so right yeah that's how I'm looking I mean I think he looked up the
church sort only had to arrest him because he was threatening the safety of
a kid you know yeah he was like and it may be because he's one of the good
guys yeah but but there was weird blood monster boogan magic going on in his
basement at his church that's under his purview but as the guy that's it's like
if you run into a guy a guy you know after a attack he's the guy that's
probably not involved well we're gonna find out the church will have something
to say about this sure but let's not no no I mean let's let's let's let let's let
the church sort of right we're not gonna poison that well but the last time we
do have the poison pill he ran off and now you're good boy he's a hostile witness
yeah yeah he has given us reason to mistrust his he's a flight risk to the
church of the silver flame to the church of the silver flame this is the song we
sang every time we traveled the rope unraveled in the kknave. of the serpent
flagging a veil on the right foot I was trying to do an under yeah when a flag
and a veil and a saddlebag gets rusty as a buckle item Tom ho and a flip-flap flow
and I fuck your mama's fuck all swords she's I'm right the anvil's hammer as the anvil's
might a medieval life for me by night thank god I'm a country boy
well I got me a hammer and I got me a sizzle I got me a waffle and I got me a
whiffle ain't got a life in Lesham John Denver thank god I'm a silver flame
all right later in the in the evening passes or it takes two days to travel in
the second evening the only notable thing that happens is on your on your
path in the nighttime you're you you feel the quiet broken just as if
something strange has happened and you look out and you can see over the night
sky over the trees and canopies of the outlying area you can see a large
muscular brown demon like a classic demon like a muscular humanoid with bat wings
you know like just a classic demon but he's got classic demon yeah he's got
giant giant orb like globe like glowing eyes and he's he's carrying a lantern
he's like carrying a hanging lantern and he's just hanging out on the road as we're
demon what's up no no no oh it's uh you you see you see him like it's very far
away and he's flying over like you might see a dragon flying in the distance or
something or like in modern times like a like a like a black helicopter right
it's like a little weird but yeah and you and Diarrhea you notice it like you
feel like your heart stop like in your chest and like it actually feels like
for a sec you're having a heart attack as you see the demon makes eye contact
with you and then it just keeps flying on oh nothing else really happens it
doesn't seem to really I think my I think my heart just stopped how far away is he
from us more than a mile but it's just he's a big guy so you can kind of see
it also he's carrying a lantern you see what what what is he flying over
trees trees he's just doing his thing over the tree tops yeah carrying a
lantern do we notice that he looked detected Diarrhea you saw him like look
but you didn't see that he looked he I guess all of you kind of think he looked
at you but only Steve well then he said I feel like I'm having a heart attack so
we turn our attention to him and say what was going on there
he that his eyes were piercing looking straight at me and then my heart just
stops I think it was a weird bodily reaction to that creature looking at me
from my understanding of Arcana believe that demon is a searcher I may be
making this up he's got a lantern and he's he's looking for stuff it's
interesting that he sensed Diarrhea but that wasn't his objective you're right
that's a demon that's got a job and his job involves looking I said we go
investigate this shit oh oh that's a big demon and he's looking for something
there's there's three of us and a weird prior like I think we can handle this
shit we're on our way do we know he's an unfriendly demon
demons are unfriendly the friendliest demon is not someone you trust is this
demon on the way to where we're going ago is it we'll be going out of our way
on our journey to the church to go yeah it is but also it's like it's flying and
you guys aren't flying and it's miles away and it's flying fast so like it
would be you kind of have to triangulate and then you know it would be is it
flying away from our destination well yeah it's kind of going the other like
it's going so we'd have to intercept his path somewhere fight far off our path
yeah let's just clock it like ho oh and the pilot of Pokemon like it happened
and we should continue on our journey it's foreshadowing I just want to take
the opportunity because we're focused on travel because I just for my own
edification I know the character knows this stuff but is the player I just like
we were in this realm like we're in a continent called what we're in a realm
called just a corvair you're in the country of Thrain and we were in
Thrain and now so corvair is the continent Thrain is like the one of the
kingdoms yeah and and we were and now we're and where is this is where we're
headed back it's still in Thrain Thrain most most you're gonna stay in Thrain
most of the campaign okay but whereas it's a city that our headquarters are
in yeah it's in the it's in the county of placeholder place okay and it's at
pure burn abbey pure burn like pure burning propane or something that's
like the headquarters at least not maybe globally but right but in within
Thrain right that well yeah the global headquarters is called flame keep but
you guys are kind of you know irregular so your headquarters in the flame keep
you're kind in a satellite office got it I like using my like either local
knowledge or nature knowledge or whatever can we learn anything else about
that that demon flying local or what knowledge or not with those
know I don't have anything with her it would be our
canada would have to be religion or planes yeah I'm having that shit I say
that Patchens is he awake how's he doing yeah hey guys was I it was my voice
hi hey guys Patchens we just saw a demon seeking something that knew we were
here but didn't even want to bother with this is it possibly searching for this
jewel of yours no but I don't know I don't I don't think so it's fucking
crazy if the demons here demons like from a different dimension I don't know
that Patchens voice was so high from no this is more of a standard no voice I
gotta tell you my keyhole hurt I keel is hurting you know I gotta tell you guys
as a member of the the church middle 10 to the silver flame we're gonna go back
to the church to talk bureaucracy when we could eliminate a demon from the
world I mean isn't our job to go out there and destroy evil we're at a real
crossroads kind of enough trouble for you know infractions of their stupid
rules like I'd like to finish out the job that we were assigned to do like he's
got a lantern and I gotta tell you lanterns pissed me off because there's
fire inside there but they're like it's like keeping fire in a cage yeah it's a
fire prison and I'm the fire liker I want to go let that fire out and burn
this demon up I want to get back to placeholder okay you guys should fight
should we have a vote oh we have a quarrel we should fight amongst ourselves
I mean not that wasn't a real pitch but yeah that's what I said I fight what's
all right what do you guys do I want to go I want to go beat up this demon I
okay I don't I mean so we're just gonna get lost in the woods how are we gonna
track that thing down just don't think that's our job this world is filled with
demons okay I have no doubt that that demon is you know is related to to a
larger okay I'm I'm metagaming I yell to the demon hey demon you're safe
tonight not not you're in no danger from the church of the silver flame I mean
really we're a church full of weenies if we chase it down I still think he would
be in no danger well you guys there's a million demons we can go we can go hunt
them down one by one and end up getting killed because they're demons or we can
do the job that we're supposed to be doing don't you don't you want to go back
home for just one night where we could shower and just like bathe and we could
just like I'm in a bed and it'd be so comfy and then maybe we can get like
pancakes or something I'm a child of nature I mean no my the woods and the
wilderness is my it's my shit I know and I I you I as a youth lived that life
wandering from adventure to adventure getting into any trouble that presented
itself and there was no completion there the church rescued me gave me structure
the church isn't perfect but it gives you a role in the universe which is to
fight evil and if we depart from the church's path and just go jumping into
trouble then I may as well shed my silver flame pendant and and and just
become a regular-ass cleric wandering the fucking world hunting treasure I just
not that guy not yet you're not well I don't know what the fuck that means but
well how far away are we Spencer from the church my day you're pretty no you
know this is like you'll be there by morning or you can see it from where
you are okay let's go to church let's play it safe I appreciate your you know
I mean silver flame first it's like I got a lot of complaints about the church's
run to this prior represents that maybe yeah let's turn the prior and let's
let's see what I say look we press on to the church all right you get there you
can see pureburn abbey as well as pureburn keep you see pureburn keep is
the barracks and it's the base of the church militant that's stationed in
placeholder pureburn keep works with pureburn abbey to keep the peace but
like the more churchy people go to the abbey and the more military people go
to keep it keeps they work together to keep the piece in placeholder and keep
all of Corvair safe from evil you arrive at pureburn keep it's your home
office it's like a classic you know coming back to the coming back to the
office sort of situation you go through the front door and into kind of the
medieval office pool where all the inquisitors and militants hang out and
they have desks you know there's there's people like that it's it's not your home
really because you're used to just getting shit done this is more of like a
paper pusher place than for soldiers and warriors and clerics you know we have
lockers and something yeah you're kind of going through the office pool where
all the tables are and people are like calling you as like oh it's spooky
Carlos spooky carlos back yeah keep keep a shaming spirituality when you work
for a church why they call you spooky Carlos because I believe in weird shit
and so should you we work for a church yeah you you notice an old friend of
yours Absalon he kind of walks up to you and he's all like oh man what's going on
good to have you back you gotta you got to fill out the paperwork Absalon we
talked about you possibly finding somebody to do that for us since we're
not like great paperwork people well I had I had some headway I don't think it's
ready yet but I had some headway so which forums just you guys this is your
job you know what the forms are all right here I just think you guys I think you
misinterpret the word cleric sometimes he gives you a fuzzy orange ball on the
top of a pencil no it's like it's like a kush ball kind of but maybe twice the
size well I like here you go I home home into it
that's a kush thing no it's just to give it a shot at oh improvising how this
works oh no well my mission went well he's like no this summons an orangutan
oh that's cool I'm working on it to get it to summon a bureaucrat but it's not
it's not oh oh this is you you've been working on helping us not have to do as
much paperwork right do you have anything for me you can have that I mean
you can share it it's an orangutan oh well thank you that's very nice of you
that's one kush balls at one use and then he disintegrates yeah so we got on
that we got a one-time orangutan that's nice right can you get us some new
horses hmm this guy's crazy I I'll think of like I might be able to do that let
me think about that yeah fine I think I can send someone this guy some nice
horses cuz he really we lost our horses someone murdered them oh I know I mean
I know I didn't know that sorry that's that's my bad that's not that's not a
clue yeah no I didn't know that hey where's the boss we got it we gotta take
it like a prisoner we have here as if on cue you hear the show ring out Johnson
your last name's Johnson Carlos Johnson Johnson what's the status of your
mission you're a part to the day briefing room immediately well do you
want me to answer the first part or just follow the second part I don't know
maybe it was meant to be given out in two parts this line we'll see you the
briefing room awesome that's brother Schrader brother Schrader these names
aren't super important but you know it'll be that I'm keeping every note I
like it yeah all right well he disappears after doing that okay like
magically no no like his head was popped out of a door all right so we got it
we got the briefing briefing room all right you enter the dark in you enter a
darkened room lit by narrow slit windows in the thick stone walls of the keep
Schrader takes a seat apart from you and seated nearby Schrader is a bishop
recognizable movable recognizable by his uniform but unrecognizable in his face
or body or based on any of your memories okay bishops are
bishops are pretty big deals within the church ministry
Patchens also comes in with you and also leading up against the wall is Geffen
he's there so shady shady room hey Geffen you got snacks oh no no what no all
right just wondering okay I I approached the bishop and is it customary to like
bow or anything like a higher ranking hmm do we have like a thing I whatever no
no that's like not in this kind of thing what's our saying the flame will keep
the flame burns tall always keep that flame burning always keep that flame
burning chaos is a ladder that's I go I've said this before but it's great
chaos was a ladder is a great response to condolences like I'm so sorry chaos is
lack it's fine I go up to the bishop and I nod and I say I as a deference and I
say the may the flame purify then may we be found worthy I walk up and say it
wasn't be the fruit for it will ferment is that how you say are there seats in
here yeah there's seats all right so I assume we're supposed to take a seat so
yeah I turn the seat around and sit like the backwards seat like a cocky way and
we have the prior with us and I I I now I I take a I untether him I say this is
prior to my name Abernathy this is prior Abernathy from Roan from Roan sir he we
believe he'll have more information than than we can give you we arrived at the
site of a quite a kerfuffle there was there was bad things happen into
livestock they were doing blood magic rituals and making crazy blood
boogins and the whole thing blew up yeah we heard you blew up the church we
didn't blow up the church the bad guys blew up the church and we were lucky to
escape with our lives I think we blew it up no didn't we no it was the creature
lady I assume that was an aside right yeah yeah just to be clear can you
remind me at table talk like what did we do all of it up no but in theory you
could have prevented it from being blown up right when we climbed up the ladder
because it was about to blow up like something got set off and we were like
okay yeah the P barrels it's true the the prior he was lost it was blood
magic as my colleague is telling you taking place that Abernathy here claims
to be ignorant of all of it I don't disbelieve him but I didn't want to
interrogate him without turning him into the the church that's that's our full
report Abernathy should hopefully have less trouble telling you the full story
we should probably also talk to petty cash about replacing a couple doors for
the fell family we we we kind of let a few things on fire all right I want to
put in a good word for Abernathy before anything begins and that I think that he
was the prior for my observation of an ambient that had gone awry had been
infiltrated by an evil force I believe he was dealing with it I believe it pushed
him over an edge so he was in danger of harming others that we personally had
exercised already we brought him here against his will because his will was to
run but I believe that's because he's aligned with the church I just wanted to
put in a good word for him sounds good I appreciate your candor and your honesty
and your uh what's what's just being a good detective like what's gum gum
sherry yeah and your gum sherry so just rate this one up for the logs you can
collect your pay from Zellie in the commissary sweet we'll take Patchens and
abs and Abernathy and talk to him for a bit yeah so Patchens you should tell
the Patchens is looking at you like he doesn't want you to say anything what
we're not on salary we get paid per job you are on salary and you get paid per
job oh sweet patching doesn't want me to talk about sidebar patching doesn't want
me to talk about the fact that he lost an important yeah he's looking at you like
he'll die if that comes out as a patch not like he'll die like he'll be fired
life I finished myself a patch and I see the luck on your passions this guy
he's the shit and then we walk up yes sir I sorry Bishop I should have also
commended this young man Patchens he was a huge aid to us he didn't know who to
trust but he trusted us he helped us a great deal and he's been under a lot of
duress and we were we were assailed by bandits along the way back and he was
hurt very badly I hope that the church will take care of him make him
comfortable and I'd also like to know when he'll be released from debriefing so
that I can buy him a beer and give him my personal thanks it shouldn't take more
than an hour all right well Patchens thank you very much and we'll see you
soon we should arrange to meet somewhere yeah like where the local tavern
awesome what is that there's a name of a place that we what's our drawing room
in in this in placeholder oh wait the skull and bone there yeah it's the play
it looks like a pirate flag but there's only one only one like an underlying
skull all right well yeah that sounds good yeah all right let's go get paid at
the commissary let's let's collect that sweet placeholder money all right um
so this this is the point where three weeks ago when I came up with this
content I had an audio video portion whoa we can I don't really we could cut the
audio I can give the audio to actually be cut in I could put the file online so
that the audience can see it but it's not gonna be perfectly viewable for us
you know does that make sense should we do as a cliffhanger and do it when we're
back on stage live or should we go out and fight that demon I don't I think we
should at least I don't know I guess we should probably stop soon huh but yeah
we should at least I want to play it's been three weeks I don't know we can
pretend for Spencer trying to follow my dream of having an AV I can church can
you just wear a fire marshal outfit and come in here and shut the whole thing
down this would be a great time to subscribe to bark box bark box and me
undies it's like a box full of dog stuff sent to your home on a subscription
basis it's not like that that's what it is it's exactly that and me undies put
your dick in the diamond did someone say me undies hey look down here I'm your
dick you sure have been putting me in some rough cotton lately oh boy I sure
would love to be more comfortable when you're walking around the streets in the
hot summer day wait a second there's a new underwear in town and it's called me
undies oh geez I'm inside these I'm inside it's like a paradise for your
dick me on these it's your dick we just make the underwear all right do you
suffer from do you suffer from constricted dick ideas professional
general detective hello I'm detective dick diamond I've solved the case of
chafed balls because it's gonna be the most underwhelming we should just not do
it no I want to support you I know but it's just now it's the most it's gonna
come on everyone's on your side no no and no and I'm gonna hate you if we just
aboard I said I said we should have gone out and fought that demon we could
have a bird of this whole thing I don't want this isn't a we've had a great
beer platform for your agenda get behind Spencer I'm excited about this well yeah
I mean he's saying don't be you can support him by not being excited he's
gonna Twitter it I'll put on red the Harmontown Instagram maybe we can I'll
put it there too it'll be it'll be on the Harmontown Instagram yeah all right
I hate myself now come on dude you're I mean I want to support you now more than
everybody like you this is you were like man let me get behind this fucking
podcast like I want you to be rewarded well this is my reward this is gonna be
your shining moment here we go all right first of all you became president of
the United States today we got a final grade of a D plus yeah see those
listening it's I got this it's basically made like the video game for
equivalent of like when a dungeon master like tells you your campaign you're
or not your campaign your mission is his over and like he's here's your
experience but we got graded we saved four people we got a D plus overall the
A we got was for time right because it happens really I guess that assumes we
rushed I mean that was a good thing but so we probably should have been a
little more diligent that's good to know well that's the thing is that like you
know you play these video games and then you're like I did okay and then you get
the score and it's like wait wait wait here's what we're measuring right how
many gold pieces do we get no that was collateral you caused 500 gold
part away there's gonna have our yeah that's amazing all right so that makes
you want to keep playing more so yeah more well that's I mean I think that was
Spencer's right successful goal was that he's like why don't we make this feel
you give you the dopamine spike of us of a mission that's finished well or not
okay and then you're like God okay so now you get a kind of a fresh start of
the next one that would have been a smash it with an audience I know it was a
great idea I have good ideas it's almost like we should have had permits for our
new venue yeah no it's cool I should if I didn't bitch out that one time when we
were gonna play D&D what happened probably now do are we gonna get a new
a new adventure now we're gonna talk about a new mission you're embarking on
a new that's so exciting now we know the characters and now we're like in
placeholder and then we like I'm going to the tavern and I'm gonna have a drink
and then yeah so many storylines to look so we can all turn to each other and
say okay D plus not our best right lots of mistakes were made but we kind of
know who we are now we kind of know how to use our spells a little bit we we
worked as a team we failed kind of as a team but a D plus is better than an F
but I want to get better and I can now because I can take notes I want to I
want to learn to use note-taking software the best way possible so that like when
we meet a character I can like hashtag it yeah so that it's like I'll have a
list of all the characters and you know like I'm gonna fucking nail this okay
so now that was dismissed who's our who's our main man who's Charlie to our
angels that's gonna give us our new thing how about brother Absalom brother
Absalom yeah brother Absalom are we still going anyways no I do want I do
want to particularly irony here though that we you know like I've been this
Howard Hughes obsession person about the new venue and how we're gonna show
video and audio and stuff and Spencer's what Spencer finally it's like a fucking
really funny irony there that Spencer secretly was like you know what I'm
gonna I'm gonna blow their socks yeah do what Dan's keeps babbling about and
like do the audio visual thing at the end of a Dungeons and Dragons I'm gonna
back them up and do this and then it's like the fireworks all comes in and I
spent 90 minutes talking about how thrilled I was that we're not
it's fine well this would have been better if we I think that's really beautiful I
know it's a sitcom it's hard to parts and wreck level I love but yeah thank you
well it sounds like we're teed up for next time for a new mission right I
feel it's pretty safe to say the next time next Harmontown episode is going
to be in this format we're not gonna just like leap into some willy-nilly live
venue I'd rather refine this experience while we wait for the castle to become
legal yeah then run around town trying to figure out where in LA we can I say
we we learn briefly to get good at this and then use live venues when it's
when it's time to do that and we know and now we've we've added another knife
to our Swiss Army knife yeah like our utility belt yeah like we can we we've
expanded we grew a little bit mm-hmm you die a little bit and you grow a little
yeah welcome to the strangest era of Harmontown yet Harmontown nights you'll
float to so we have we have a we have a not not just a cliffhanger we have like
like we we know that we have a new adventure in a new episode coming up
of our D&D but we have so many things to investigate now you already know about
it's it's daunting it is well you guys we did it it was a fun experience I hope
that helped the listeners enjoyed it I want to thank Steve Levy Spencer
Crittenden thank you I'm Jeffrey Comptroller let's thank church Noah Emma
out there everybody making it happen in the booth Kris Boruffuf Zach the audio
maniac podcast from your heart your heart needs to podcast fire when your
podcast from your soul your soul needs to graduate higher with the devil looks
down from the godly throne that he took over from his godly bones and he says
who can podcast the best then you will undergo the podcast test it's the devil
God angels heaven metal ear wax hacky and your wax that was Yankee Vicki
good night everybody thank you for coming I mean you didn't have to come so
fuck off stay home and take chances don't drive anywhere and take no chance
all right we love you all when the devil comes to call this podcast time you're
in the podcast so Jesus Christ grows angel wings and his Christmas trees start
to sing with an eagle angel beak and a unicorn horn it's podcast time
podcast time in heaven don't let the podcast you you cast the pod you are
the god of the pod more men's podcast Episcopalians it's podcast time
Muslims no dark turn right at the end too soon get some letters about that in
our all right it's still podcast come on from certain countries we want to find
what's happening we want to make sure we know what's going on with certain
podcast country if your country profits the Trump administration and you're
Muslim that's fine yes it's not bad okay it's podcast time it's just
it's podcast time did you get any of that it's a good show